eighth day of the World Cup is the eighth episode of the people who talk together
today d josè altafini I am jealous I had one of the muses roma here is looking at you
this one
it's a vuvuzela
but I think a little tarot provola to the test ita
what are your every 19 not just sport if you are
it's a bit smaller and then it clearly has tricolor colors but it is
true that we see 3 red enable only was true masterpiece. of this -
very many theater I just hope you a v
a summer italy torment
aka annoy
very very much
I what two things are
falling from space with I'm eating as I see a comic movie to see
good mood matches
amarcord and therefore let alone those who call while you are eating at 1
year tag conceptual map arrival annoying fine even on television
I have heard many companies that turn down the volume but someone says that
not only do I play a recorded sound
it is not possible for the public
for all ninety minutes make this noise for nothing I think you know
because why when one is already consoling with salad
sexy photo lake of duty sweatshirt anyway
in my opinion
in African world jargon the first world championship in the black continent but there
the loser novelty with women at the world championship wanted a bit of atmosphere 86
in mexico, that was thrown from the throat with the fatigue of the famous drink
already
now the sponsor of the world-wide launch the famous vomano the tinted background without are
cost of become a fashion and make-up all over the world
if you want to call just to ask some questions from Altafini we are here 0 11
0 0 15 107 and 108 we start immediately seeing results of what it is
the three games happened yesterday
with the victory of Argentina the clamorous defeat of France was
not even so sensational here is the game in question Argentina beats Korea
south a4 1 parka authority and then a higuain hat-trick and interspersed with
a goal dx11 idiom
argentina extrusion tuel commented this match looks at the
will feel revelion in my ranking is one of the favorites has clearly
you know, I had some doubts
suck it how the world can be seen eliminating the world
they even got behind there
and then adoption or here what problem we all say here may be
gentle medium and photo already see how badly he behaves in Turin maradona yes
is acting very grateful that he has created
a group of friends
we see how to make whipped cream tortour 2008 24 thousand kisses
before and after the game is a very beautiful thing like
the only thing what you feel the water could be even better
because the difference - 20
is left at home healthy and the more I told you instead nude michieli it
bieber also beat up construction companies if he
a mushroom
UFO.
but I must say that hinata quano you are attacked one better than the other here is l
until yesterday we wondered why he never played militia ryair and we have it
understood with the triplet quality not only but website analyze well valeria
abbot you have done I still owe you I had said
he started off badly he was a little pesantino general sunspot,
played very well however I am to demoralize the elevated please pro 2
offside volumes
duel ettore withdraw the value in the oven
and your 2 but then when we do it too and we wanted to create I can say
only this that turns Alviero
we played less money, photo
for milito we will see it black cover dvd and you will be in this comment here you will be
text before coming here about him really changed then changed
rt used than to be a lictor
it is the third to pay for Argentina
and perhaps it is the case of a naturalized Italian other than amauri
price was born with vv
the trouble is that for liver which set together
create lots of volleyball - the pictured corsair seems to me 26 27 championship votes
English fattooo 30 the cube
but I have to say
that the lighthouse at 202 reported ms fails to mark the beautiful ones the
goalkeeper will laugh he will look at everything the goalkeepers are lethal he too has saved
everything and he is looking for the way I find it
but I have to say
competition problem LPG pupils adapter
it was absolutely not but in defense of the dog result
the match of
in the afternoon with but the Greece that comeback passed the Nigerian nigeria in
advantage with kennels and then there was an expulsion from the African player from Ancona
greece reassembled consalting ibs pepito rossi ibs delusion of nigeria
because it was immediately the two defeats and therefore the eagles fly low this year
is something that all of them were saying which team will come out
african team you can only in the house of a soldier to the rain text a disappointment
sisal africa with the biga clearly and then also was champion champion of the
graphic card reader
a few years ago not only but then I had to see the misery alone a team that
could do just know cannabinoid show decoder result does however is
It was a disappointment that they are almost huge players
what a game rodengo
solobari surely are fat no, only you and the other there is no concert e
let's go on like this if if
the football of 2000 was said we already arrived in 2010 he last night there
surprise but not so much I saw how it went
the match in the field 2 to 0 of mexico la france throat of hernandez e
of blanco on a really ugly penalty the rome france eliminated from france
and then the enamel. all because there is one that created maradona,
argentina what there is this group
lalalalala wool team the france and against
consider
Integrated player paths do not want an operator place
kiakia face finished affinity between French fathers
it's true that brands
France is not yet out of joomla form
mexico uruguay if it does not appear gino do among themselves now
it could have been discovered that he also played a lot at the first game yesterday
well
the good team there are two players had hurt theater players
important we are
only a father was written
it's a beautiful shark
sundial the rankings of the groupings so and so will tell us according to him
teams that pass the round begin
on the abele group here it is easy to say that uruguay mexico have no problems
I think not because you have no one here and in France still has hope
tolosa the infusion of herbal teas will fall south africa where i would fall i am a
it seems i think a guru will do it you put a pareo to do
round b in the group b the argentina full score and then this point
Greece and South Korea play second place but Greece must play
with argentina
in miracles you can have the house is a little cinema patrese saved on i basis
bridges
however need of ragusa will make run on the gospel salzano buyvip for sure
argentina e
and to head
because the strongest team has a clear chance, however, in the life of san marino
I don't think of maradona
can also use
the lion the second row peccioli pisa and seeing oneself curious no no indeed rome if
tomorrow I believe that in the end maybe I'll make South Korea catch it
second place group c dry group
this is the ranking after the first day
with slovenia in the head and england that tonight seek revenge uhm
for hair
there is no need for cervai open to understand just win against good again
4 points
definitely designed program does it
I believe that the matches this evening are very important
criticized hair job
I trust you for a hair help me unlock avoid doing everything
he has spurred many single team
Betheboss been very bad. Bad state. Very equity
he replied here he is alone letter that makes those said because more than that
hair pulled out one long the metalhead
where is a nice game is text
but now I'm well Germany, too, played well though
dedicate one of the favorites in my euros